docs: Tiny fixes for auto-scaling executors docs (#28341)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deploy_executors.md

With the Terraform variables [`min-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-.*-executors%24+variable+%22min_replicas%22&patternType=literal) and [`max-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-.*-executors%24+variable+%22max_replicas%22&patternType=literal) in the Terraform modules linked to above, you can configure the minimum and maximum number of compute machines to be run at a given time. `min-replicas` must be `>= 0`.

> For auto scaling to work, the Sourcegraph instance (its `worker` service, specifically) needs to be configured with the correct credentials in order to publish a scaling metric to the used cloud provider. The `credentials` submodule in both our [AWS](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) and [GCP](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) executor modules exists for that purpose. When used, the `credentials` moduel sets up the credentials on the cloud provider and returns them in the terraform oujtputs it, you get properly configured credentials in the Terraform outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For auto scaling to work, the Sourcegraph instance (its `worker` service, specifically) needs to be configured with the correct credentials in order to publish a scaling metric to the used cloud provider. The `credentials` submodule in both our [AWS](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) and [GCP](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) executor modules exists for that purpose. When used, the `credentials` module sets up the credentials on the cloud provider and returns them in the terraform outputs it, you get properly configured credentials in the Terraform outputs.
```

Here's an example of how one would use the `credentials` submodule:

```terraform
module "my-credentials" {
  source  = "sourcegraph/executors/<cloud>//modules/credentials"

>   # Find the latest version here:

Reviewer: Do we have this in other places where we say <version> too?

Author: No, I checked. Other places reference the Terraform files directly. But I really like having the snippet here.

  # - https://github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/tags
  # - https://github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/tags
  version = "<version>"

  region          = <region>
  resource_prefix = ""
}

# For Google:

> output "metric_writer_credentials_file" {

Reviewer: Good catch!!
